garam masala
borlotti beans
jerusalem artichokes
mushrooms
pork
chicken breasts
paneer
pepper
pumpkin
ginger
green beans
truffle oil
tomato purée
colby jack cheese
rolled oats
suet
rice vinegar
white wine vinegar
little gem lettuce
bean sprouts
chinese broccoli
broad beans
tofu
vanilla
coco sugar
unsalted butter
walnuts
brown sugar
red chili powder
raspberry jam
cold water
red chile flakes
beef gravy
iceberg lettuce
basil leaves
noodles
raspberries
prosciutto
sage
pork chops
ciabatta
chicken stock cube
lamb shoulder
green chili
english muffins
brandy
oysters
brown lentils
chili powder
cider
pretzels
butter
eggs
couscous
hazlenuts
mint
garlic sauce
orange zest
coriander
grape tomatoes
cannellini beans
italian seasoning
gochujang
puff pastry
ras el hanout
brown rice
spring onions
basil
asparagus
pitted black olives
beef brisket
miniature marshmallows
tomato puree
chestnut mushroom
ground beef
cardamom
tamarind ball
hard taco shells
parmesan cheese
sardines
parmigiano-reggiano
sake
rhubarb
potato
sea salt
lemon
toffee popcorn
saffron
stout
feta
orange blossom water
thai green curry paste
clove
smoked salmon
nutmeg
red onion
shortcrust pastry
lemon juice
cocoa
pine nuts
vinaigrette dressing
white fish fillets
dried oregano
lean minced beef
honey
kidney beans
mayonnaise
yogurt
ice cream
mixed peel
sun-dried tomatoes
coriander leaves
charlotte potatoes
swede
red chilli
fennel
chicken thighs
salsa
bicarbonate of soda
mirin
egg
madras paste
chicken thigh
linguine pasta
bulgur wheat
shredded monterey jack cheese
almonds
strawberries
baby aubergine
demerara sugar
bay leaf
chicken legs
rice krispies
flour tortilla
boiling water
tarragon
baby plum tomatoes
chilled butter
soy sauce
lentils
tomato
rice stick noodles
thai red curry paste
caster sugar
egg plants
bowtie pasta
sichuan pepper
chicken breast
peanut cookies
haddock
onion
maple syrup
kielbasa
hotsauce
curry powder
oatmeal
smoked paprika
apples
vegetable stock
ground pork
star anise
red pepper flakes
white vinegar
canola oil
cilantro
anchovy fillet
chilli
garlic clove
rigatoni
free-range eggs, beaten
cajun
redcurrants
salt cod
lemon zest
filo pastry
stir-fry vegetables
parsley
raw king prawns
olive oil
tahini
smoky paprika
dry white wine
corn tortillas
granulated sugar
grand marnier
vanilla extract
wholegrain bread
fish sauce
dark soft brown sugar
sunflower oil
lamb loin chops
sauerkraut
peanut brittle
canned tomatoes
chestnuts
cornstarch
jalapeno
fresh thyme
extra virgin olive oil
gruyère
beetroot
goat meat
dill pickles
red pepper
cream cheese
kosher salt
jasmine rice
currants
dark chocolate chips
squash
sweetcorn
potatoes
allspice
vegetable stock cube
mackerel
oyster sauce
peas
squid
shiitake mushrooms
malt vinegar
lemons
rose water
bouquet garni
buckwheat
tabasco sauce
tiger prawns
coconut milk
parmesan
raisins
ham
bramley apples
turmeric powder
oxtail
spinach
apple cider vinegar
kale
white flour
rice noodles
red wine vinegar
free-range egg, beaten
mincemeat
icing sugar
beef stock
fermented black beans
balsamic vinegar
butternut squash
spaghetti
lime
lamb leg
custard
harissa spice
onion salt
mars bar
christmas pudding
cloves
corn flour
barbeque sauce
mixed grain
ancho chillies
breadcrumbs
bay leaves
self-raising flour
aubergine
blackberries
white wine
chocolate chips
celeriac
fromage frais
vine leaves
starch
green red lentils
cashews
potato starch
ricotta
jam
beef
baking powder
blackberrys
sausages
oregano
blueberries
vermicelli
peanut butter
salmon
cherry tomatoes
peanuts
herring
mascarpone
glace cherry
stilton cheese
banana
worcestershire sauce
sushi rice
fennel seeds
ginger cordial
sherry
carrots
green chilli
apricot
chopped tomatoes
green pepper
pears
basmati rice
dried apricots
almond extract
red wine jelly
ground almonds
shortening
dark soy sauce
naan bread
scotch bonnet
meringue nests
bread
gruyere cheese
almond milk
egg white
chopped parsley
ginger paste
cinnamon
dijon mustard
rice wine
desiccated coconut
wood ear mushrooms
english mustard
pecan nuts
sugar snap peas
mussels
bacon
mozzarella balls
egg yolks
custard powder
whole wheat
heavy cream
black treacle
macaroni
candied peel
white fish
pita bread
monkfish
clams
chilli powder
lettuce
full fat yogurt
doubanjiang
scallions
sultanas
egg rolls
dill
baguette
red wine
fries
self raising flour
peaches
chickpeas
lasagne sheets
passata
cacao
duck legs
caraway seed
white chocolate chips
salt
rosemary
marzipan
fresh basil
horseradish
beef shin
creme fraiche
marjoram
tomatoes
cod
courgettes
water chestnut
garlic
vine tomatoes
refried beans
enchilada sauce
pink food colouring
red snapper
cheese curds
ground cumin
chopped onion
medjool dates
ginger garlic paste
cubed feta cheese
red onions
shallots
rocket
cumin seeds
leek
black pudding
zucchini
caramel
celery
mulukhiyah
smoked haddock
spring onion
milk
frozen peas
double cream
chicken stock
hot beef stock
single cream
plain chocolate
minced beef
quinoa
braeburn apples
sesame seed oil
baked beans
cooking wine
butter beans
sour cream
mustard powder
massaman curry paste
khus khus
prawns
black olives
cheese
mozzarella
paprika
oil
fennel bulb
goats cheese
coriander seeds
vegetable oil
caramel sauce
yellow pepper
fajita seasoning
green olives
challots
vegan butter
fruit mix
turnips
garlic powder
fish stock
floury potatoes
harissa
monterey jack cheese
rapeseed oil
wonton skin
cucumber
yeast
lamb mince
sugar
chives
lamb
cinnamon stick
king prawns
milk chocolate
tinned tomatos
duck sauce
minced garlic
sesame seed
lamb kidney
ackee
sesame seed burger buns
fettuccine
avocado
onions
paccheri pasta
chorizo
chicken
thai fish sauce
clotted cream
plum tomatoes
vinegar
red chili
soya milk
wild mushrooms
salted butter
biryani masala
mustard
udon noodles
cabbage
flax eggs
pilchards
tamarind paste
tuna
dark rum
creamed corn
french lentils
cheddar cheese
butter, softened
bun
tomato ketchup
fenugreek
flour
goose fat
brie
small potatoes
gelatine leafs
cream
cumin
thyme
mixed spice
plain flour
paella rice
dried fruit
orange
red chilli powder
rice
italian fennel sausages
haricot beans
whole milk
freshly chopped parsley
rice vermicelli
farfalle
lard
water
baby squid
carrot
dark brown soft sugar
ground ginger
diced tomatoes
shredded mexican cheese
coconut cream
beef fillet
broccoli
veal
light brown soft sugar
digestive biscuits
doner meat
muscovado sugar
apricot jam
turmeric
parma ham
cayenne pepper
all spice
penne rigate
flaked almonds
dark chocolate
peanut oil
cashew nuts
mustard seeds
tomato sauce
pecorino
semi-skimmed milk
gouda cheese
capers
celery salt
greek yogurt
golden syrup
green salsa
turkey mince
pickle juice
ghee
minced pork
toor dal
black pepper
condensed milk
roasted vegetables
dark brown sugar
